Add openSUSE.Asia Summit 2019 (#1)
cloudnative-id/tech-conferences-indonesia: README.md

| [Open Infrastructure Day](https://www.openstack.id/2019/07/21/call-for-presentations-of-indonesia-open-infrastructure-day-2019/) | 2 November 2019 | Surabaya | A conference related to various open infrastructure topics, including cloud, container, CI/CD, automation, big data, SDN, AI, IoT, HPC, Security. | No |
| [RubyConf Indonesia](https://ruby.id/conf/2019/index.html) | 29 September 2019 | SCTV Hall, Senayan City, Jakarta | A global event complementing other RubyConf events across the world. This year it's a single track 1 day event, focused on the Modern Web. | No |
| [South East Asia Machine Learning School](https://www.sea-mls.com) | 8-12 July 2019 | Universitas Indonesia, Greater Jakarta | SEAMLS is a five-day event about state of the art in machine learning and deep learning, including relevant applications to data science, computer vision, and NLP. | No |

> | [openSUSE.Asia Summit 2019](https://events.opensuse.org/conferences/summitasia19/) | 05-06 October, 2019 | Udayana University, Bali | openSUSE.Asia Summit is one of the great events for openSUSE community (i.e., both contributors, and users) in Asia. Those who usually communicate online can get together from all over the world, talk face to face, and have fun. Members of the community will share their most recent knowledge, experiences, and learn FLOSS technologies surrounding openSUSE. | Yes (only speaker) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [openSUSE.Asia Summit 2019](https://events.opensuse.org/conferences/summitasia19/) | 5-6 October, 2019 | Udayana University, Bali | openSUSE.Asia Summit is community conference to share the most recent knowledge, experiences, and learnings of FLOSS technologies surrounding openSUSE. | Yes, for speaker |
```
